Core serve as my cuteness coordinates
General uefi Dong drm play Elle Augu
Well, hello, action crank. Oh .
I interviewed and posted the video on YouTube.
Of course , some of the players also interviewed, and in the meantime, mma
I replied that he was the most overrated player .
As you know, the player of mm and the most recent player of the dream
I have to go to the players myself.
I'll ask if
Come now .
There's an enemy on the planet.
Yes. Hello . Hi.
Oh, as I said in the interview, you still ask if you have that idea
I want to
They're scared. They're a few of the squares.
I did
And eopgetjiman to reveal his name now, that was less than a minute sale now
The player would not think that I sure as winning and still overrated players referred to
I'm still thinking about it now.
Uh, I do not think there's a conversion.
The fact that though I have won five, the idea is not changed ,
Do you still think your skills are lacking?
Oh, I say can not live like this doegeodeunyo watched now, ah, then the time for
Depending players bushel organizations plaster pliers somewhere I do not know now
I think that one little ridiculous Still No
If so, can I reveal the name of the player here in the interview?
Oh, I do not think so.
Yes, sir . Thank you for the interview.
Thank you.
Neundeyo I just finished an interview called them know players
I mean, it's like that, but modern assassin cheers a lot
I did
Air time is also a dream aemaemi players first, but then players 0
I hope that the 0 players who have participated in this game have achieved good results.
Congratulations on making this laugh de lame
See you next time.
5 ah
Ah
U